# Global Climate Impact and Response Dashboard (2020-2025)
<b></b>
<H2>Technical Report</H2>
<b>My intended audience would be policy makers, concerned citizens, environmental enthusiasts, and anyone that is concerned about the socioeconomic effects of recent global climate events. My main goals are: to track the scale/effects of climate events to help policy makers make appropriate changes, highlight socioeconomic impact of different events over time, and to identify trends in the data such as hotspots, frequent events based on area, and maybe identify response gaps and how they can be improved. The KPI’s I will use to track these goals include: Top 5 event types chosen by economic impact or casualties, total number of events in total or by country, total economic impact by region. The charts I chose were a stacked bar chart representing the sum of economic impact by event type. I filtered out the event type to only show the top five events and their impact. I used a stacked column chart showing deaths by country filtered by top 5 events. I used a clustered column chart to compare different event types to their response times. I used a pie chart comparing countries that have certain events and their total economic impact by millions. I used an azure map to show the the affected populations,casuality numbers, and a few other factors around the world based on the data. Finally, I used a line chart to show which dates had which events and how the distribution of time showed when different events occur. I did not perform any pre-processing steps as the dataset was already free of nulls and other missing data. I choose the colors blue and green for each chart making an exception for the pie chart to demonstrate a difference between each slice. These colors were chosen as my dashboard was about geography and different ecological events. Each axis and the title are clearly labeled. If I had more time I would drill down a little further however each visual is interactive and can interact with each other as well.  </b>
<ul>



Reflection: What worked well, what was challenging, and what you’d improve if you had more time.

Code/data access: Share your code or dashboard file (e.g., GitHub repo, Tableau/Power BI link, or notebook export) along with your data used.</ul>
